-lo-

of return, self-determination and the establish-
ment of a national Palestinian State."

"For those familiar with political forms

of expression the Communiqué expresses a clear
acceptance of a peaceful evolution.

To differentiate the position of its'supporters
it should be said that they are again divided

in two tendencies.

The first tendency is persistently in favour of
the creation of a Palestinian state consisting of
the West Bank and the Gaza Strip and therewith
considers the conflict as ended. This state shall
be the homeland of the Palestinians; if not all
of them can actually live there, then in a
hypothetical way. What Israel représents for the Jews,
The future of this state is considered bright by
this tendency. Like that of all states in the
region. They see the relations with Israel as an
evolutionary process which can be found in the
course of history. In short, this tendency would
acquiesce in the solution attained and will strive
to further the development of their state within
the framework of the reqional conditions,

The second tendency agrees to the peaceful so-
lution out of realistic political considerations.
For they understood that unger the local and
international conditions prevailing at present

no other solution would be possible. They do not
perceive this step - creation of their state -

at all as a final solution. On the contrary,

they see it as a way to attain a calmer situation
which would open new possibilities for peaceful
confrontation. This tendency watches the evolution

o/s

