I would like to quote parts of relevant statements

of Palestinians put at my disposal:

"The explosive Palestinian parameter with its
inherent and automatic built-in capacity to
destabilise the situation in the Middle East,
will unavoidably trigger another round of
military confrontation with untold damage to
the protagonists themselves as well as to
world interests at large. Based upon this
premise, it is clear that the only way to
peace and stability in the Middle East is
through the recognition and implementation
of Palestinian legitimate national rights.
Very briefly, it can be stated that for the
return of the West Bank, Gaza Sector, the
Himma and Auja enclaves, a status ofâ€™ non-
belligerency can be established between the
future sovereign State of Palestine and the
State of Israel. But for a full state of peace
to take place, other issues will have to be
settled the most important of which is the
Israeli acceptance and implementation of the
right of Palestinian refugees to return to
their original homes, if they wished to do
so or to be compensated if they freely elected
not to return." (For the full text see annex I).

"The PNC's resolution called for the estab-
lishment of a national Palestinian state and
did not refer to a secular democratic State.
The resolutions spelled out for the first time
what we mean by Palestinian: national rights, a
point of constant criticism by friend and foe
alike, Article 11 delineated them as: the right

