-38-

centuries of rule by the Turks, a few decades of
European colonial rule have brought about this
ahistorical state - the generators of a tremendous
culture and civilization, and it should be noted
that, in particular, members of the Jewish: faith,
fully allowed to develop their potential, have."'
greatly contributed to this culture. But it is
completely natural that the rise of Arab natio-
nalism orients itself to a high degree towards a
glorious cultural past. The impressive accomplish-
ments which may be observed in Israel find their
counterpart in a newly arising creativity which
has been submerged for centuries. This fact, we
believe,should make the Arab world a natural‚Äù.
partner for cooperation with Europe, and we have
left no doubt in our discussions that the estab-
lishment of peace in this region and a new re-
lationship between Arabs and Israelis would

-be- a-substantial precondition for such a
development. Certainly, material incentives will
have more effect in this instance - the urgent ne-
cessity for a supply of oil and similar developments.
In addition, we would like to point out in this con-
text the fact of the strong inclinations of the Arab

world toward Black Africa. There is no question that

on

